alright this is mulch I appear we're
doing some some sort of craziness here
trying to record over venturo and also
watching it on a stream and sometimes
the stream is off from ventrilo and off
from the chat so if things are up
and sorry anyways this is match two of
those verses be sooo this is the
semi-final so what're wins this will go
on and a spoiler spoiler alert about
save your mind and etc mind is going to
the final and so whoever wins this set
is going to go and face him in the final
match which should be crazy I honestly
didn't well I'll talk about that another
time anyways so mmm bc we're getting
down his pile on getting a scout out
early as might be expected in the first
game by the way it was really intense
game and you know honestly before this
whole MSL I kind of I I didn't really
think much of zealous I mean you know
really saw him around at all you never
saw many the starlings very much
recently at least and but this star like
he's really really impressed me and
especially I mean last game holding his
own extremely well against be soo who
you know is ten poems or it's not easy
thing to do to make be sooo think twice
about you I mean there was at one point
where they showed vc's face and Lisa was
like aw crap because like he was getting
a little bit messed up and bc really had
the fight to win that last match so this
is going to be exciting to see if you
know it's Noah's can keep that level of
play up and what have you and just a lot
of a probe fighting I did watch these
two verses um shutter and don't worry
I'm not going to spoil that one but it
was just funny that there is a major
probe vs SC
SF Taryn pro fight and that
match too and it was it was an epic
battle of the collector units anyways so
looks like identity of zealous ghana's
gasta be sooo getting a quick expansion
there this is low-key too by the way
them it's a map with that you can see
the kind of expansion below behind your
main base so it's easy to take that one
because it's pretty protected where and
there's also another natural expansion
outside of your main base below kind of
down that ramp but um that's it's a lot
more difficult to hold especially since
there's actually a little bit of a back
door there its width at the spawn points
are actually a little bit dissimilar in
the top right corner that expansion
there's a back door but it's it's easier
to hold their your natural for this
bottom left corner spawn it just kind of
works out that way strangely enough
anyways be sooo getting is gas a little
bit later because he's got that um that
Nexus down in his natural expansion but
obviously that's going to be an
advantage for later on zillow's matching
getting his command center usually this
map ends up being really really long
games because of the fact that there are
there I mean you have to easy to take
expansions you get a lot of resources in
pretty quick and so the make games right
or wrong although we did see a game on
this map a couple days ago that was
three minutes and about ten seconds long
so you know it's all relative so zealous
putting out a bunker there that's pretty
good move on his part and that's just
why I say like he's been playing with a
lot in general you see him making that
kind of move and putting just like
really really smart basically in general
playing really intelligently gaining a
bunker down in case pc was getting some
more zealots or something like that that
he didn't know about because if that is
that isn't always an issue when as a
Protoss player Wow okay to barracks it
um this is gonna be interesting while
zealous is actually going for a bio
build of some kind he's got an expansion
up so he he's going to be able to put on
a lot of Marines and such and basically
I think this is going to come down do
this is a very interesting play on his
part it's going to come down if he can
get out and a good attack force before
bc gets any kind of readers because
rivers will absolutely slaughter medic
means they will slaughter them there's
if he gets readers out there's nothing
then medic greens will be able to do
especially if they're covered by a few
goons these are growing in the desert
but it's going to go in there and scout
if these two Scouts this then it's over
to that's the crazy part about this is
this is Ellis is just going absolutely
balls out okay these aren't fair about
the bunker there of course he's not
going to Orion solid end very quickly
and wow he's already got Academy up he's
got medics coming out he's keeping those
at the top of the ramp so he's not
revealing that in case piece it comes
into to attack there bisous I mean his
standard build bc is to get those
Reavers that's why it's going to come
down to us as the Korean commentators
say timing you know it's going to come
down to if he can get always got another
nexus oh my god be she's getting another
nexus that's going to slow down as
waivers and now zellos coming out with a
few more rains a few medics did a couple
firebats this is going to be crazy um at
feast if these who can hold that maybe
that choke in the middle but no zealous
is skipping that choke all together okay
he's following those units he has skin
so he's able to track down that that um
zealot there okay so it looks like bc is
actually just going to bet on getting
that robotics miss Lily out and holding
his ramp until he gets I mean getting
the rear out he's going to try and hold
his ramp until I guess that because he's
not cancelled that Nexus um at all um
and wow just looking at the map i miss
been thinking another map because
apparently there's not a back door
either after i was thinking of something
else it is the other loci but it does
have some fortunate
so he might be able to hold this up for
52 goods and Azad are going to do okay
against those especially if he yeah if
he could pick those off Wow picking off
the Marines he's wearing his Marines
away trying to get up to the upper
ground but in the meantime as medics are
not healing them and that's all that's
it's absolutely horrible for his hours
his whole pushed well that little push
there has just been basically
counteracted because he didn't he had a
few too few units there and he wasn't
able to engage directly but in the
meantime he's actually I mean otherwise
he's wasting his units by just running
away and letting him get picked off like
that and now bc bc when getting that
Observatory so he's probably getting a
river all right now Wow because else
does have a lot of range though maybe
that's I guess we was hoping for keep
those medics alive to work with those
Marines and yeah so without the river
those those goons are going to get
scared off by those reeds that met
greens are pretty damn decent against
dragoons if if like I mean obviously if
you can have the medics actually healing
them and that was the main problem
there's what he was running away as they
weren't healing at all and really I
think this all should have turned around
and at least gotten a few hits and in
trying to take out one of those students
or something like that